- Everyone. isn't it so nice to be outside?
- Yes!
I love it. too!
Wow. the flowers are flying!
Oh. it's so pretty!
Who's made pinwheels before?
Me. me!
Wow. everyone's made it before.
As expected. Everyone!
What is this?
An acorn!
That's right. It's an acorn.
Then. how many syllables is an acorn?
Three!
We're going to try saying words that have three syllables!
Ready. go!
- Me. me!
- You can go first.
- Fish.
- That's right. What about you?
- A cruise ship.
- Oh. a cruise ship.
- A cat.
- Okay. a cat.
- An apartment building.
- A puppy.
- A rainbow.
- Right.
- A plane.
- A squid.
A squid. that's right!
Oh. how about you. Juwon?
A tree-ee?
A tree?
A tree only has two syllables.
Juwon.
A pine tree...
Horaebi*!
Horaebi?
Teacher. what is a horaebi?
Huh?
Well. that is...
A horaebi can do anything!
A horaebi can even make you an oppa!
- All right!
- Juwon. you're back?
Juwon. it's your dad.
Daddy!
All right.
Thank you.
Are you really a horaebi?
Is it true? Are you really a horaebi?
Ahjussi. are you really a horaebi?
Ahjussi. can you really do anything?
Yeah.
Then. is Juwon going to have an oppa?
Of course! A horaebi can do anything!
Kids. sit down and put on your seat belts.
Did someone say that Daddy was a horaebi?
Madam.
Madam!
D-Did Madam l-lie?
Well. it's not completely a lie...
but it's not completely true. either.
But Juwon.
do you have to have an oppa?
You have Daddy.
But you have to sell noodles. You can't play with me.
That's true.
I do have to sell noodles.
But you can't suddenly make an oppa appear out of nowhere.
I know that.
You do?
Did Madam tell you that. too?
Yeah. she said you needed to go on a blind date*.
But Daddy. what is a blind date?
She said I needed to go on a blind date?
So what is it?
Blind...
S-Sun!
S-u-n. the sun.
It's the sun.
Is it the third floor?
Third floor?
Yeah. we have new neighbors moving into the third floor.
- Maybe an oppa is coming. too.
- Oppa?
Let's go.
Let's go!
It's not as backcountry as I'd thought.
- Yes.
- It should be backcountry.
We intentionally moved to somewhere nobody would know us.
You're right.
- It's oppa!
- Oh. there is an oppa.
Oppa!
You moved here. right? To the third floor?
Hello.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm your second-floor neighbor.
Hi.
Honey. he's our second-floor neighbor.
Hello.
Sanha. say hello. too.
Oh. hi!
Sanha.
Are you sweating?
I don't know if you saw a noodle shop on the way
with lots of stairs before you turn a corner.
I'm the owner of that restaurant.
Come by for some noodles sometime.
I'll treat you to celebrate you moving in.
I guess you're a family of three.
Yes. We are a family of three.
A family of two lives on the second floor.
and a family of three lives on the third floor.
That's so cool!
It is pretty cool.
What's so funny?
- Pardon?
- Is that so funny?
I'm asking if a family of three is that funny.
No.
What's with him? So annoying.
The ahjumma is scary.
Yeah. She's really scary.
Yeah.
What? Should I have laughed along with him?
I'm saying you didn't have to be so rude.
Do you laugh or cry as you see fit?
"We were originally a family of four. but we're a family of three now. ha-ha. ho-ho."
Why didn't you say that. huh?
He asked first so he could tell us they were a family of two.
because he didn't want his child to say she doesn't have a mom.
How do you know that!
Why did you want to come to such a backcountry like this?
You hated people whispering about us.
You wanted to live quietly where nobody knew us.
Didn't you say that?
If you want to do that. you should get along with others appropriately.
- Let's move again!
- To where?
Wherever!
Stop being so unreasonable!
Gosh. damn it!
Hello.
- Let's just end it all!
- Gosh. you're driving me nuts!
I'm starting work tomorrow. Are you seriously doing this?
That's perfect.
Then. you could quit right away!
Is anyone home?
We received a report.
We received a noise complaint...
S-Sergeant.
I didn't know it was your home.
Can I explain everything tomorrow at work?
Oh. okay. Then. see you tomorrow-
Is it okay to just go like this?
Since he knows we received a complaint. I'm sure they'll be quiet tonight.
You heard from the chief. right?
Pardon? About what?
They lost their daughter last year. and the three of them moved down here.
It'd be weirder if their relationship was good.
Make sure to watch your mouth elsewhere.
Is that true?
Oh. did they originally have a daughter?
They had a daughter?
Oh. goodness.
Gosh. I'm so forgetful. I came out while eating dinner.
Oh. well. I suppose it could be noisy on the move-in day.
Let's go inside.
- Hurry up and get in.
- Okay.
Daddy. what is losing a daughter?
Juwon. you weren't sleeping?
When you see the family living above us.
let's not talk about his younger siblings. What do you say?
Why not?
Juwon. you get sad when people talk about moms. right?
Yeah.
That's right.
You miss her more even though she's gone now.
- Yeah.
- It's the same.
Ahjussi. Ahjumma. and Oppa would also be sad
if someone talks about younger siblings
when they no longer have them.
Yeah. they shouldn't be sad.
When you meet Oppa tomorrow. bring him home with you.
I'll make something tasty for you.
Something tasty? Like meat?
Okay.
Oppa!
What are you doing?
Do you want to watch TV at my house?
Do you want to watch TV?
It's okay.
I was about to head inside anyway.
Oh. really?
Yes.
Mommy's not really mad.
You know that. right?
She's not mad?
When people are really sad.
it may seem like they're angry.
You and I shouldn't get angry. Sanha. Okay?
Okay.
You'll get hurt.
Hold this.
I wondered why a detective in the violent crimes unit in Seoul
would move down to somewhere like this.
Then again. what family doesn't have problems?
Still. if you see them. don't act like you know.
If they moved to a place where they know nobody.
they want to put it all in the past.
Aigoo. sometimes. you speak too easily.
You even talked about me being a horaebi to Juwon.
Aigoo.
You think you could keep it a secret in such a small neighborhood?
Mr. Yoon. does anyone in this neighborhood not know you lost your wife in Seoul
and have been a widower for three years.
Everyone knows!
Whatever it is. you have to speak it aloud.
That way. you realize the difficulties you're going through
may not be such a big deal.
Still. what happened to their family isn't common.
Since you mention it. I heard that
it happened while only the son was present.
What?
I heard that something went wrong while only the son and daughter were home.
So. it seems like the mom partially blames the son for it.
There's such a dark shadow over his face...
How about an adult? Is there an adult besides you?
No one's here.
No one...
It's okay. It'll be fine. Just wait a little bit.
No one's here...
What is it?
We have tasty food at my house.
I'm not hungry.
I guess you're not hungry.
If you get hungry. knock on our door.
Children shouldn't be hungry. Okay?
- Ramen?
- Yeah.
He says he's not hungry because he had ramen.
I heard that something went wrong while only the son and daughter were home.
So. it seems like the mom partially blames the son for it.
Juwon. you eat here.
Daddy. what are you making?
What you also like. Juwon.
Meat pancake?
Bingo!
Ta-da!
This is really tasty.
We have more at my house!
Yum! It's tasty! It's so good!
That didn't work on him.
It's tasty. though.
Well-behave and be polite. You can do that. right?
What's this. huh?
- All done.
- Aigoo. you're here!
Hello.
You look better in person than in your photo.
Is he your son?
- Yes.
- Hello!
Hi. it must have been tiring for you to come.
It's not too far from here.
Okay. Let's go.
We're almost here. It's right there.
What are you doing?
- I know...
- You know?
Daddy!
I'm home!
Hi!
Hi.
She runs a hair salon in Changwon
and has a son.
I'm Kang Seohyeon.
Hi.
I'm Yoon Jeongjae.
Aigoo. seriously.
You guys look so good together as if you're one family.
One family?
Juwon. didn't you say you wanted an oppa?
- Oppa?
- Yeah.
Mr. Yoon needs to get married
in order for you to get a mommy and an oppa.
Mommy?
H-Here is a dry towel.
Thank you.
I don't need a mommy!
I only need an oppa!
Won't you two need to talk a bit?
Juwon. don't you want to go to the supermarket?
I said I don't need a mommy!
Aigoo...
You should come. too. Let's go.
- Come on.
- I don't want to! Just take him with you!
Come on. let's go!
I'll buy you something tasty.
Don't go anywhere and stay right here. okay?
Gosh. my belly hurts. Aigoo. aigoo.
Do you go to kindergarten?
Are you seven years old?
No. I'm 100 years old!
Really? Are you 100 years old?
Don't be so like that.
My mom and I rode a bus for over an hour for this blind date.
Did I ask you to come?
What is a blind date?
It means seeing each other's faces before getting married.
I told you my dad isn't getting married!
Where are you going?
- Home!
- Hey!
Kids shouldn't go around by themselves!
I'm sorry for suddenly showing up at your house. though we just met.
Gosh. being sorry... no. no.
You got your clothes wet because of me. I'm so sorry.
Your house is quite clean.
It's not easy for someone running a business to keep a clean house.
You usually clean only if something comes up.
Pardon?
Do you cook often?
If you work all day at a restaurant.
you wouldn't want to cook at home. right?
Oh. no.
I'm so used to it. I cook breakfast and dinner at home.
It's nothing fancy.
I just prepare rice. some side dishes. and soup. Just a few things.
That's still quite impressive.
I just never got used to housework or cooking.
I feel bad for Haejun for having a mom like me.
That works out.
Pardon?
I happen to have some galbi.
Have dinner before you go.
Do you know where you're going?
Don't follow me!
Hey. kids shouldn't go around by themselves!
You know why he moved here from Seoul. right?
Is there anyone who doesn't know?
I heard they fight about that all the time.
I heard his younger sister died because of him.
- She said not to be friends with him if possible.
- Why?
Kids with family problems may seem normal on the outside
but always have something wrong with them once you get closer to them.
Kids without moms or dads are like that.
Hey!
There's nothing wrong with my oppa!
You're the one with a problem!
How am I the one with a problem?
I have both my mom and dad!
I guess you must be really stupid.
What. I'm stupid?
Don't bother my oppa!
Who do you think you are? How dare you beat up everyone like a thug?
- First. let's hear the reason-
- Aigoo.
Is it okay to beat someone up if there's a reason?
Is that how you teach your kids?
I'm sorry.
Juwon. say you're sorry. too.
Hurry up.
Aren't you going to apologize?
He first teased that oppa's younger sister died
and said kids without a mom or dad were stupid!
I didn't say it like that.
You did say that. then?
That's what you told me. Mom!
You feel sorry for them. but they're unlucky. so not to be friends with them.
Let's talk for a bit separately.
You should apologize before you go.
Pardon?
You should apologize to the child for speaking rashly.
Oh. okay. Aigoo. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
You should apologize. too.
Hurry.
I'm sorry.
Are we good now?
If you see me next time. be sure to say hello.
I'll buy you something tasty.
I'm sorry. Let's go.
Where are you going?
Pardon?
I'm going home.
Eat dinner at my house before you go.
I made galbi.
Galbi?
Galbi!
Oppa. let's hurry up and go! Our galbi is really tasty!
Let's head inside.
- Okay.
- It's really. really good!
- Galbi!
- Wow...
Please eat. Eat up!
♫ However. time is still ♫
♫ I've thought ♫
Here.
♫ Everything is perfect prayer ♫
♫ Fire 'cause I cry ♫
You too. Sanha.
♫ The things that follow ♫
Is it good?
Here.
♫ Looking far ahead. I would feel her like that ♫
Eat this.
♫ How much I miss this. do you understand? ♫
- It's okay.
- It's heavier than I'd thought.
- I'll carry it for you to the bus stop.
- Okay.
Juwon. can you play with Sanha for a moment?
Sanha. could you stay with Juwon for a moment?
- Okay.
- All right.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
You don't like it?
It'd be nice if a pretty ahjumma became your mommy.
I have a mommy. And my mommy is prettier.
Sorry.
But why are you digging the ground?
I'll give you a present.
A present?
It's cute. right?
Don't come near me!
Oppa!
Get away!
Do you want me to show you?
I've seen enough.
Not this. My mommy.
What?
What do you think?
She looks like you.
I can only look at it sometimes when Daddy's not looking.
My dad gets sad when I open this and look at it.
Why?
Because he can't see her again. even though he misses her.
He told me not to mention your younger sister to you. too.
I guess Ahjussi knows everything.
Yeah. Because my daddy is a widower. he knows everything.
- Really?
- Yeah.
If you ever miss your younger sister. you can secretly look at her photos.
Do you have a photo of her?
Yeah.
I do.
I see.
This is me.
I'm cute. right?
Yeah?
This is you?
Goodbye. Haejun.
It hurts. huh?
I'm fine.
When we go home. will you make this for me. Mom?
Was it good?
It was the first time eating something tastier than bulgogi burger.
That means it was really good.
Yeah!
Just a moment.
Hello?
Yes. I am Kang Seohyeon.
If you ever miss your younger sister. you can secretly look at her photos.
Should I sing you a lullaby?
I was sleeping...
♫ Sleep tight. my child ♫
♫ My Juwon ♫
♫ One. two. sleep tight ♫
Daddy...
You're not getting married. right?
Of course not.
I wouldn't do anything my daughter doesn't like.
So. she changed her phone number?
Yeah. The old lady kept insisting that the guy must have upset her.
I said Mr. Yoon isn't like that. and that couldn't be the case.
but she only said whatever she wanted to say.
So. I left that joint fund meeting.
You liked that joint fund meeting because they went to popular restaurants.
Don't worry about it. I guess we weren't meant to be.
Who changes their number and cuts off all contact
just because a blind date went wrong?
There must be some other major issue she's dealing with.
Why could I take care of the child by myself?
Just take care of him for a short while.
I'll come get him as soon as I'm settled in Seoul.
I'll bring your favorite hamburgers when I come back. Haejun.
I don't need them!
Don't buy anything. Just come back quickly!
- Hello!
- Hi. officers.
I guess you've become partners now?
- Yes.
- Welcome.
Please sit down. I'll get you some cold barley tea.
- Two. please.
- Okay. two.
Don't fight all the time and be good to her.
Madam.
What?
This neighborhood is probably more boring than Seoul.
Buy her tasty food. be sensitive. and pay attention to her.
No matter how big the issue is. continue to cover it by doing small things.
Yes. I'm trying to do that.
Juwon is here!
Daddy. there's a police car outside.
Yeah.
It's the third-floor ahjussi.
Ahjussi. Ahjussi!
Wow...
Daddy. Ahjussi is a police officer!
You should say hello.
Hello. Ahjussi.
Is it okay if Oppa eats at our house today?
He ate at our house last time. too.
Sanha did?
We invited him since we were eating anyway.
I'm sure he's not being fed properly at home.
If it's not too much trouble. please.
Of course. It's not a problem at all.
Ahjussi says Sanha can eat at our house again.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Whoa. I'm so excited!
All right.
You're back. Sanha.
- Hello.
- Hi.
Oppa!
- Eat noodles before you go.
- Let's go.
All right. let's go inside.
Hello?
Yes.
Seohyeon?
Yes. Have you been well?
Oh. yes. yes. How are you?
Who changes their number and cuts off all contact?
There must be some other major issue she's dealing with.
Everything is okay. right?
By chance. well...
Yes. go on.
I don't usually say something like this.
and I can give it back to you once I sell my hair salon...
I just need it temporarily...
Well...
How much do you need?
Yes. just a moment.
1020...
Haejun is fine. right?
Ahjussi!
Why are you outside when it's cold out?
Mom called me and said you were coming. Ahjussi.
What about your aunt?
Ahjussi. should I make you some ramen?
All you need to do is add water.
It's the tastiest thing in the world.
Haejun. eat these dumplings
while they're still hot.
Here.
Thank you.
Aunt!
Hello.
Yes. hello.
I received a text from Unni that you were coming.
My place is a bit of a mess.
It's all right.
I'm sorry for coming in when you weren't home.
As you know. Unni went to Seoul.
and I have no time to babysit since I'm studying for an exam.
But still. Haejun eats well by himself and is doing okay.
That's right. I'm doing fine by myself.
Mom said she would come back quickly when she makes some money.
Yeah?
Then...
Then. would you like to stay at my house for a bit?
Until your mom comes back.
That's okay. right?
My mom...
She's not angry.
She's not?
Yeah. She's just...
very sad.
When people are really sad. it may seem like they're angry.
Okay.
Yeah.
Buy her tasty food. be sensitive. and pay attention to her.
Honey. what's wrong?
What happened?
Look at this.
Sanha had this?
You know. Honey.
I...
can't stop thinking about one thing.
You know how Sanha was there. too.
He was alone with Choseok.
What was he doing then?
Didn't you ever think about that?
How can you say that?
You never have? Really?
You've never thought that before?
- Come to your senses!
- Me?
The problem is that I'm too sane!
The problem is I'm so sane that
this thought doesn't leave me!
- Okay. Honey-
- I wish I was crazy...
I wish I was crazy
and didn't think about any of this!
Sanha was just eight years old!
How could an eight-year-old watch a kid?
How could it be Sanha's fault?
Then. whose fault is it?
It's not anyone's fault.
Do you know what's driving me mad?
Ever since we moved here.
Sanha is always smiling.
I can't even bring myself to swallow any food.
but Sanha is stuffing himself with hot food
at our downstairs neighbor's!
I just can't stand to see that!
Please let me go.
Please let me go. Honey.
Please save me...
Mom...
Mom. Mom. I'm sorry.
I'll never go to the downstairs neighbor's
or smile. and I won't eat. either.
I'm sorry. Mom.
Please forgive me...
I'll talk to her. Go to your room.
I'll never do that again. please...
Mom. I'll never do that again. I'm sorry.
Please? I'll never do that again. Forgive me...
I'm sorry...
Mom...
Mom!
Mom... Mom.
Mom...
I'm sorry...
It's okay.
She's just mad that Sanha upstairs didn't keep his promise
to go to the playground.
I see.
As for this. let's see.
And...
once we move these to the balcony.
we'll have space to put a bed here.
A bed!
I have to go when my mom comes back. though...
She said she was coming soon.
I'm not buying one.
Madam said she would get us one.
Thank you. Ahjussi.
To be honest. Ahjussi. I wish...
I wish you were my dad.
Okay.
Pardon?
While you are here. I'll be your dad.
Really?
That's right.
No!
He's not your dad!
No. he's not!
Let's eat dinner.
You can eat slowly.
Why did he come?
You shouldn't point your finger at Oppa.
Haejun will be here temporarily.
No!
Go back to your house. you dummy!
I have a mommy!
My daddy isn't getting married!
That ahjumma is coming along with him.
I already know everything!
It's okay. Eat up.
Yoon Juwon. I'm going to eat all of this.
Don't eat then.
Dad...
Why?
In any case.
I won't go over to your house or the restaurant from now on.
so don't talk to me again.
I don't want to.
I said I don't want to.
Ahjumma. where are you going?
Oppa can play at our house. right?
He can watch TV and eat at our house. right?
Stop it.
Is Sanha your oppa?
Yes.
Okay then.
You can have him.
Yeah. that'll work.
I can have him?
Really?
Then. he can just stay at our house?
Sure.
Wow! Wow! Oppa!
Oppa!
Take my sword!
Oppa. let's play. let's play!
Let's play!
Play with me!
If you don't play with me...
Hiya!
Take my sword. you villain!
Hey!
It looks yummy.
You want to eat it quickly. right?
Yeah.
- Scared you. right?
- Yeah.
Dad. tofu!
Okay.
The food's ready.
The food's ready!
- Ahjussi. good morning!
- Hey.
- Did you sleep well?
- I couldn't sleep.
I had to stay overnight at the precinct.
Aigoo. you've been through a lot.
Go upstairs and sleep.
Today's the first day of the semester. I should at least eat together.
I sent you the living expenses.
Then. wash your hands and sit down.
What are you doing?
This is the last time.
How come I can never get it?
And pull it up.
Let's eat.
Good morning.
Aigoo. it's nice to eat together.
Let's eat.
Thank you for the meal!
Yeah. this is it.
Eat more after you finish that.
Everyone. have you thought about the
adoption contract I mentioned last time?
Hey. you still haven't given up on that?
Do you even know what an adoption contract is?
Of course. If you sign an adoption contract.
you're legally a biological parent and child. even if you aren't blood-related.
What do you think? Great. right? Nothing's bad about it.
Who will become whose adopted son?
Since Ahjussi is older.
how about you become Ahjussi's adopted son. Dad?
Adopted son. she says.
I've heard of quantum physics.
Then. Ahjussi will be my hyung.
and I'll become your uncle.
Hey. call me uncle.
What? What's wrong with calling him uncle...
The soup is pretty good today. Eat up.
In any case!
We need to unify our last names!
That's the only way I can survive!
♫ Like the flowery path ♫
♫ Everything existed for us ♫
♫ Like the sun in the clearest summer sky ♫
♫ We were shining so brightly and so united ♫